*page_break
It's been a long journey to get to the top, but you've made it. The world is a utopia, for your at 
least. You are in charge of a world where everyone is equal -everyone gets paid the same amount
for any job, everyone gets the same social programs, the same opportunities, and everyone gets 
treated equally. All you have to do is sit around and tell them what to do.

Of course, that means you should get something extra. Maybe a few extra rations of hot water when you
want them. Or a few extra vacation days. Or nicer furnishings for your home. In any case, you've 
earned it.

But then, the healers feel like they should get something extra, too. They save lives every day, you
know.

But if the healers get something extra, then everyone should get something extra.

But if everyone gets something extra, then it isn't extra.

Hmm.

It kind of sounds like a slippery slope to go down. You decide you aren't going to give anyone else
extras of anything. Any extras will go to you and be used as you see fit.

Some people might complain, but what do they know? You're their leader, after all. If they don't 
want you making executive decisions, they shouldn't have you in charge.

Who knows? In a few years, maybe you won't be.

*if (boldness < 50)
	*goto staycontrol
*else
	*goto losecontrol
*label staycontrol
*page_break
But, as it stands, you are able to subtly navigate your people over the next few years to make them 
blame any complaints they may have on some party of your choosing, or sometimes just each other.

No one manages to figure out your manipulations, and those that do are silenced one way or another.

Congrats. You managed to take a potential utopia for everyone and make it all about you.
*goto_scene ending
*label losecontrol
Indeed, your people start to wise up to the fact that in a world of equality, you seem to be doing much better than
everyone else. They give you an ultimatum: change or leave.

Well, you aren't going to give up without a fight, are you? 
*page_break
Of course not!

You stand your ground, telling them you are leader, and as such are entitled to certain benefits.

If you thought that was going to convince them, you were wrong. Soon, it's a revolution, with you on one side and
literally everyone else on the other. You don't make it out alive, unfortunately, but the ideas you stand for do.
Or, at least, the ones that everyone else agreed with. That you didn't follow at all. 

Too bad.
*goto_scene ending