*page_break
When the first surrogate chamber was produced, your people rejoiced. No longer would women have to suffer through
the pains of childbirth, and children could be produced to the parents' exact specifications. 
Everyone was happy, and they had you to thank for it.

Over the next few years, you begin to recognize a problem with the system. If every child is engineered to be 
smart, beautiful, strong, and everything else a parent wants for their child, then who will be around to do the 
boring, often gross tasks. There's a need for sanitation workers, but if everyone has the capability to be a
world-renowned whatever, why would they choose to be a world-renowned trash collector?

Answer: they wouldn't. 

So while for now you've got plenty of average people to do average jobs, when those people die off, and their
extraordinary children are left behind, society will undoubtedly collaspe.

Naturally, you being you, you come up with a compromise.
*page_break Drum roll please...
You set a certain number of children to be born into five different castes, each one assigned a different job
and life selection based on their genetic traits bestowed upon them. Of course, the final decision is up to them,
but they are limited to the specific set of options for your caste.

This works splendidly for a while, but then you are presented with another problem: what if someone doesn't like 
their caste? Some of the higher-up caste people might be bitter that they are tasked with the more difficult
jobs like being doctors or lawyers or metaphysicians, and some of the lower-castes might think it's unfair that
they weren't given the same benefits as the higher-castes and are then forced to work lowly jobs for the rest of
their lives.

A real problem, but luckily, you have a real solution.
*page_break What could it be, I wonder?
*achieve acourageousfreshplanet
You realize that telling people that they should be happy with their caste likely isn't going to convince them.
Suggesting it and making it seem like it was their idea to be happy, on the other hand, is one of the oldest
persuasion tricks in the book.

You decide to set up sleeping chambers for the different caste children. The chambers will be hooked up to 
speakers with pre-recorded tracks that activate when the children are asleep, telling -[i]reminding[/i]- them 
that they are happy as their caste because being a different caste would be terrible for whatever reason. 

So you've got the children covered, but what about the adults? You've got to make sure they aren't unhappy. Not
consciously, at least. Which is precisely the solution.
*page_break What will you think of next?
Amos pills! If people are ever feeling sad or frustrated or even just plain bored, they can pop a couple of Amos
pills and take a vacay from the real world. A sure-fire solution to creating a content herd (you tested the pills on
farm animals, obviously), especially when you add an addictive element so that once you take one it's nearly 
impossible to stop, or even want to stop.

A perfect plan for a perfect world.

Great job.
*goto_scene ending