*page_break
([i] Several Years Later [/i])
You kneel in front of the priestess, decked out in hand-stitched, black, ornamented robes, as a crown is placed upon
your head, a metal band of solid steel that fits snugly around your head. You stand slowly as the woman continues
speaking about the wonderful things you've done for society, and how you forever cast out the evil workings of 
technology, the one true destroyer. You don't move a muscle, because if there's anything these people value, it's
prose and propriety.

You know, other than mirrors.

So you let the woman talk, singing your praises as the crowd filled with varying levels of devotion listen in
silence. Then it's finally over.
*page_break
The priestess dismisses her flock to go read in a mirror until mealtime. You, being leader, don't have to listen
to her every word. Of course, you respect the power of the Mirror People, given their rather fast rise to power
following your refusal to create new technology, resulting in beseeching their help to prevent a mutiny. However,
you have better things to devote your time to, one that no one in the entire community would ever question or
debate.

You're writing down stories.

Every single one that you can remember gets written down into a master copy that the priestess and her most 
trusted pupils handle and sort into their ever-growing library.

These books you're writing, how are you handling them?
*fake_choice
	#I'm writing my name as the author, so that in the future, people will think I wrote them all.
		Huh. Very bold of you. Indeed, in a century or so, everyone will forgot the true authors and just assume it was always you who wrote such a broad array of books, with different genres, time periods, styles, tones, and everything else. Way to achieve lof.
		*achieve youwroteit
	#With the utmost care, making sure every little detail is correct.
		Of course you are. But no one's gonna remember that in a hundred years, are they?
*page_break
*achieve thebard
As you write your stories, the Mirror People gain even more promience as the world's finest scholars. Sure, their
whole mirror philosophy/shtick might be a little overrated, but they keep everyone informed and as enlightened as 
they can. Not bad for a bunch of crazies, but even if it was, it's too late to stop them. The Mirror People
acquired enough pull to last for another millenium.

Hope you're happy with that.
*goto_scene ending